[WR] random queueing method (#2096)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/waiting-room/src/content/reference/best-practices.md

### Waiting room template

> If you want to provide your users with updated information or expectations when they are queueing, we recommend that you update your [waiting room template](/additional-options/customize-waiting-room). All changes will be visible to your users in close to real time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to provide your users with updated information or expectations when they are queueing, Cloudflare recommends that you update your [waiting room template](/additional-options/customize-waiting-room). All changes will be visible to your users in close to real time.
```
